‐ [panting]
Damn it. If Sui
would have just hurried up,
then this guy
wouldn’t be on our ass.
Don’t you understand the rules?
Without those rings,
it’s game over for us both!
‐ RYUJI: Hey, brat!
‐ [gasps]
‐ I want to ask you something!
I promise not to kill you
if you come out!
‐ I gotta take out
this machine‐gun moron
before the other guy gets back.
[Japanese music playing]
‐ Crap, it’s starting
to get dark out.
If I don’t
handle this soon,
there’ll be
trouble.
Hey, brat!
I want to ask you something!
I promise not to kill you
if you come out!
Quit wasting my time already!
‐ Does he think I’m that stupid?
I know how we can
get rid of this loser.
‐ Sota, we can’t kill anyone.
Don’t do it!
Let’s just get away!
SOTA: No!
If we give up on stealing
those six rings from Shuka,
we’ll be goners for sure!
RYUJI: Where did
that kid run off to?
She didn’t seem like she
could hold her own
against an A‐ranker,
but I still want to capture her
and get some info.
[gasps]
[grunts]
Long‐range Sigils
are a pain in the ass,
but with this speed
and accuracy,
I’m not too worried about it.
SOTA: No way!
He knows where we’re hiding?
‐ You don’t have
a chance in hell!
Might as well surrender!
‐ Actually, it looks like
he’s just firing at random,
so he hasn’t found us yet.
Sui, spray more water
around him now!
I’ll get him this time!
SUI: I can’t.
He’s not standing close enough
to any pipes at the moment.
Besides. I can’t move
the water around very quickly,
so he’s probably
just gonna dodge it again!
SOTA: Don’t give up, dummy!
Damn it! When there’s
a lot of water around,
you and I are
the perfect combo!
We need
an underground stream or...
Wait. That’s it!
I know exactly
how to beat this guy!
RYUJI: That girl
looked so terrified,
I expected her
to surrender on the spot.
Now how do I
flush her out of hiding?
‐ [cell phone rings]
‐ [gasps]
[cell phone ringing]
A phone?
Is it a trap
or just a careless mistake?
[entry bell rings]
Quit wasting my time!
Show yourself already!
‐ [ringing continues]
‐ [sighs]
If she’s here,
she’s in the back room
or cowering in the john,
not a bad hiding place
with a power like she’s got.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [ringing]
That’s probably hers.
Where the hell is she?
No sane person abandons
their phone in D‐Game.
She’s gotta be close by.
SOTA: Now!
‐ What the...
[grunting]
SOTA: Not too smart,
are you, big guy?
What, did you think we could
only control fresh water?
[laughs]
Sorry, but I’m
gonna finish you off now.
‐ Oh, shit.
I can’t move.
‐ I didn’t want to do this,
but you keep interfering,
so here goes!
[groans]
Don’t stop me, Sui!
If we want
to survive this event,
we have to get our hands
on those six rings!
We can’t let this guy
get in our way!
RYUJI: What’s happening?
SUI: No!
[gasps]
I told you
I can’t do this, Sota!
I’m sorry, but if it means
killing someone else,
then I don’t want to survive!
[water flowing]
‐ Huh?
Is that ice?
I knew this water
was too cold for summertime.
[gasps]
It looks really thick,
and it goes all the way
from the floor to the ceiling.
Is she trapped
on the other side?
Hey, Shuka!
Answer me
if you’re still alive!
Fine.
Then I’ll break it!
[grunting]
Where are you, Shuka?
I came to save you!
Can you hear me?
Oh, right!
I can just track her rings!
Man, I’ve never been so grateful
to have a waterproof phone.
There!
[groans] That hurts.
Found her.
[gasps]
You okay?
Wake up. Say something!
She’s not breathing.
Wait. It’s faint, but I can
feel her pulse. She’s alive!
That hole is way too small
for me to carry her through
while she’s knocked out,
but I don’t have time
to widen it.
And this water is freezing,
so if I wait too long,
then I won’t be able to move!
Damn it, Shuka.
This’d be a lot easier
if you’d wake up.
What am I supposed to do now?
Uh, I guess I could try CPR?
We learned how in driver’s ed,
but I’ve never actually given
someone mouth‐to‐mouth before.
There’s no time to be shy.
Okay.
Here goes. [inhales]
I really hope this works.
[music playing]
Shuka! Shuka!
Shuka.
‐ You came. Kaname.
‐ You’re really okay.
‐ [coughs]
‐ I’m so glad.
I was getting worried.
‐ Oh, my! You were kissing me
just now, weren’t you?
‐ Of course not.
You weren’t breathing,
so I gave you CPR.
Don’t be dumb.
‐ You’re so warm.
I was confused for a second.
I thought maybe we both died
and went to heaven.
‐ Well, I did have
a few close calls,
but it looks like
we made it through.
‐ Kaname.
‐ [gasps]
‐ There,
that’s a proper first kiss.
Thank you for saving my life.
‐ Uh...
‐ So what should we do now?
‐ Uh, obviously we need to get
out of here before we drown.
Then let’s hurry back to base.
‐ What base?
‐ I found some more allies,
people that we can depend on.
‐ [groans] Besides me?
You’re mean.
How could you do that
without consulting your partner?
‐ Huh?
‐ [laughs] I’m kidding.
Forming a clan was the idea
from the beginning, right?
‐ [chuckles]
‐ By the way...
‐ Hmm?
‐ this morning at the park,
you wanted to know
why I’m participating
in Darwin’s Game, remember?
‐ You don’t have to talk
about that. I can drop it.
‐ It’s fine. To be honest,
I’d rather you know why.
I want to get revenge.
‐ Revenge?
[tense music playing]
‐ On the man
who murdered my parents.
[thunder crashing]
What’s Darwin’s Game?
It was so stupid to use
his daughter’s birthday
as his password.
He really had
no sense of security.
Anyway, I decided
that I would track down
and kill that monster,
and I’ll kill anybody else
who gets in my way too,
including the person who made
this screwed‐up game, anyone.
That’s why I involved myself
in this whole mess.
‐ I see.
‐ Do you hate me now?
‐ No, actually
I feel the same way.
Especially on that last part.
Nothing would make me
feel better
than putting a bullet
into the brain
of whoever created
Darwin’s Game.
And it doesn’t even
have to kill him.
‐ Oh, okay. [laughs]
Then when the time comes,
I’ll let you do the honors.
‐ [chuckles] Thanks for that.
All right. Almost out.
Oh, wait.
Can you use your Sigil?
‐ I don’t have a lot of strength
in me right now,
but I should still
be able to make it work.
The problem is,
I had to put down my weapons.
‐ That’s an easy fix.
We’re gonna survive, Shuka.
‐ Hey, Shinji!
Bring those grenades over,
the whole box!
‐ O‐Okay! Be right there!
‐ Good. Now pass those babies
out to all our buddies here.
Make sure we all
get three of ’em.
They’re pretty easy
to use, ’kay?
‐ All you do is pull out...
‐ No! Please don’t!
‐ the pin and chuck it
as hard as you can.
After five seconds...
‐ [whimpering]
‐ it goes boom!
‐ Shouldn’t have
had rings on you!
[explosion]
‐ [groans] Those dumb‐asses
are wasting our weapons again.
Oh, well. At least, now we know
we can access the shop
during events.
You’re a real genius, Wang.
I’m always amazed by you.
By the way, what are you
doing on your phone?
‐ Tell me, Kei,
how do you think
someone’s supposed to win
this Treasure Hunt?
‐ The winner is the clan
that gathers the most rings
before time’s up, right?
‐ Attaboy. You know something?
This event would be
a whole lot easier
if the rest of those idiot
players were as smart as you.
‐ Whoa, really?
Thanks! No one’s ever
called me smart before!
‐ That’s a shame.
You’re very smart.
‐ [bells tolling]
‐ KEI: Huh?
[bells stop]
It stopped?
‐ [cell phone buzzes]
‐ [gasps]
Looks like it’s time.
All right! We just got
ourselves 30 more people,
so I think we’re ready
to get to work.
This is the end.
Let’s go take that hotel down.
‐ [sighs]
[Sui whimpers]
‐ Hmm?
‐ So what do you think
we should do, Kaname?
‐ About what? I can’t keep up.
‐ Listen, I totally
get your story, kid,
but do you think I should let
you off with just an apology?
SUI: Um, no!
I hurt you,
and I know that’s a bad thing.
Saying sorry won’t fix it!
So I’m giving up fighting,
if that helps at all.
I want to live, but it isn’t
worth killing somebody else.
‐ Is that so?
Okay, then die.
‐ [gasps]
See, normally I would have
killed you on the spot.
But in light
of the circumstances,
I’ll forgive you this time.
In fact, if I’m
being totally honest,
I’m kind of grateful
for what you did.
Turns out, trapping me
behind that ice wall
was just the thing
to bring my relationship
with Kaname to the next level.
‐ Um, okay. You’re welcome?
‐ I’m glad to see
everything ended peacefully.
Though, I gotta say
I’m surprised you’re dating
such a crazy chick.
‐ She is that,
but for the record,
Shuka and I aren’t dating.
We only met two days ago.
‐ Hey, have you planned
our next move yet?
I’d like to change out
of these soaked clothes soon.
‐ Good point. All three of us
are completely drenched.
‐ I’m sorry! That’s my fault.
Um, listen. If you don’t mind,
I’d be happy to use my Sigil
to dry them out for you.
[water flowing]
‐ That’s quite a convenient
ability you’ve got there!
I’m impressed.
‐ Oh, it’s nothing.
‐ Yeah, that’s handy.
If you really wanted to,
you could use it
to slaughter your enemies
by slowly wringing
all the moisture
out of their bodies.
‐ No! I would never
do something so horrible!
And besides,
even if I wanted to,
I can’t make the water
move around that quickly.
Sota’s a lot better than I am
when it comes
to using our Sigils.
‐ Sorry, who’s that?
‐ Oh, he’s my twin brother.
I mentioned him to you earlier.
‐ Aww, you have
an imaginary friend!
‐ No, he’s not imaginary!
I’m serious. My brother and I
share the same body.
There was an accident.
He died, and his soul came back,
because that was
what I wished for in D‐Game!
RYUJI: Hold on. That’s what you
"wished for" in D‐Game?
‐ Yeah, that’s how it works!
My friends at school said so!
In D‐Game, you end up with
whatever Sigil you wish for.
RYUJI: I think
somebody told you wrong.
‐ But I promise
that’s what happened.
‐ It’s settled.
I don’t know what your deal is,
but you’re interesting,
so you’re part of our clan now.
‐ Huh?
‐ That’s cool, right, Kaname?
‐ Oh, is that the big dilemma
we’re focusing on?
Sure. I don’t have
a problem with it.
‐ Wow. You don’t?
Well, I appreciate
your kindness and all,
but unfortunately I’m not
really cut out for fighting.
‐ That’s totally fine.
I mean, it’s not like
there’s any rule
that says you have to fight.
‐ But if I can’t fight,
then how can I be useful to you?
‐ You can clean
and do the laundry.
‐ Oh. I’m good at that stuff.
I guess.
‐ She almost kills Shuka,
and we give her a job?
‐ Looks that way. At least
now we have enough people
to say we’re a real clan,
so that’s good.
‐ Go ahead and recruit
all the freaks you want.
It makes no difference to me.
As long as I make sure
Wang from Eighth Clan
fails this event, I’ll be happy.
‐ I’m not a mind reader
or anything,
but it’s pretty obvious you
have it out for this Wang guy.
Just remember one thing.
We didn’t form this alliance
so that you can murder Wang.
We did it so we could all
live through this event.
‐ I guess that means we have
a difference of opinion then.
[chuckles] I might as well do
what you say for now, though.
I do owe you that much.
‐ [explosion]
‐ [gasps]
Looks like they started early.
It’s kinda hard to see
what’s going on from here.
KANAME: My guess is, when
that diamond ring popped up,
everyone dropped what they
were doing and went for it.
‐ Should I take the rings
and act as a decoy?
The plan was for us
to hide in the hotel, right?
‐ No. You’re not back
to full strength yet.
Besides, with that
diamond ring in the mix,
the hotel’s gonna be a war zone.
Not to mention the code
that Rein found.
If my hunch
turns out to be right...
[cell phone buzzes]
That’s her! Let’s see here.
[sighs]
SHUKA: What’s wrong?
‐ Shuka, throw away
all the rings you have.
We don’t need them anymore.
‐ Huh?
‐ We’re gonna focus our energy
on getting ahold
of the real treasure
and putting this crazy‐ass event
behind us for good!
HIIRAGI: What did Kaname say?
‐ Apparently he wants
to ditch the rings
in a bid to clear the event.
I’m going to move on that.
‐ A bold choice,
as I’d expect from him.
‐ And what will you do,
Mr. Hiiragi?
Even if all five of us
were in the hotel right now,
I’m not confident
we’d stand a chance
at defeating that many enemies.
‐ Hey, attack squad!
You ready?
Whatever this tree thing is,
we’re gonna blast through it!
‐ I can see almost 20 of them
on the ground.
No matter how you look at it,
we’re severely outnumbered.
‐ Go. You should
get out of here.
Do me a favor, though,
and give Kaname my apology
for not helping you guys out
in the end.
‐ Wait. Does that mean
you’re planning to stay?
‐ My daughter has a bad heart,
so I’m in dire need of funds.
And that being the case,
rather than an obscure
clearing of the game,
I’m focusing on rings
’cause of their point values.
I’ve even been lucky enough
to get the diamond ring.
Come to think of it,
my daughter’s 12 now.
She’s about
the same size as you.
‐ Well, I’m actually 13.
‐ Oh, I’m sorry.
I know there’s quite a bit
of difference between 12 and 13.
‐ Mr. Hiiragi,
if I were your daughter
and I found out
that my father was gone,
that he had died
in some strange place
and I’d never see him again
or hear him laugh again
or call my name,
I’m certain that would be far
sadder than any disease I had.
Anyway, that’s all I wanna say.
I wish you luck.
[door opens and closes]
‐ I know that’s the truth,
but my life is all
that I have to offer,
so I’ll do whatever I must.
‐ We’re through!
Attack squad, advance! Go!
‐ Weird. The hotel squatters
aren’t retaliating.
‐ Those cowards, they probably
just laid a few traps and hid.
Stay here.
I’ll go and see what’s up.
‐ Hey, Sig,
you’re in charge of the front.
‐ Don’t worry.
I won’t let you down.
‐ Looks like they planted some
explosives around the place.
‐ Well, that’s no sweat, then.
All we have to do is
set ’em off from a distance.
‐ That’s right. Come on!
We’re gonna rampage
through this joint.
After all,
if we run out of grenades,
we can just keep
buying more, right?
‐ What’s up with
all these weird plants?
It’s frickin’ creepy, dude.
SIG: My guess is
it’s probably the Sigil
of someone hiding here.
Actually, I’ve heard rumors
about a guy who controls plants.
I think he goes by the Florist.
‐ Hey, Sig, what do we do?
To get up to the next level,
we either gotta take an elevator
or the emergency stairs.
‐ If we were being cautious,
we’d take the stairs.
However, since our opponent
seems to controls plants,
that’s a different story.
I can’t think of a more perfect
match for my Sigil!
Doesn’t look like a trap.
Cool. I’ll go do recon.
‐ Hold on. Shouldn’t we send
a few people with you?
‐ Nah, there’s no need for that.
I’ll call you guys up
soon as I’m sure it’s safe.
Well, guess I could start
with the top floor first.
[gasps]
Looks like I was right.
The Florist is definitely
in here somewhere.
Good thing I can do this!
Lucky me!
The bonus stage
is totally in the bag!
[elevator bell dings]
Where’s the welcome party at?
How anticlimactic.
Hey, I guessed right.
Looks like all the rings
are here on the top floor.
Scattered throughout the rooms,
from what I can tell.
I don’t get it, though.
They only left a few traps?
No ambush?
Don’t tell me they
just dumped 20 rings up here,
then ran away
and left them for us to find.
‐ [gasps]
Nice, he did it!
I knew Sig had this!
‐ I’m really glad to hear that.
I wasn’t looking forward
to walkin’ up
40 flights of stairs.
‐ I’m sure this won’t come
as any surprise,
but we’re not gonna fit in
one elevator at the same time,
so we’ll take two trips.
The enemy hasn’t given us
a welcome yet,
but they probably
won’t be as shy upstairs!
Keep your eyes open, men!
[Japanese music playing]
‐ Apologies for
not greeting you earlier.
I welcome you,
Eighth Clan members.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [slicing]
‐ [groaning]
‐ Don’t get close!
He doesn’t have
any ranged weapons!
HIIRAGI: Scum like you
will never be able
to take me down.
Why don’t you tell me
where your boss Wang is?
‐ Fool. I wouldn’t be so sure!
Don’t you underestimate
the Eighth.
We’ll win this game,
even if it takes
a few sacrifices.
‐ Man, what’s taking those guys?
Ah, finally.
[elevator bell dings]
Hey, took you long enough!
‐ I’m afraid
your friends aren’t coming.
And I won’t let you
have a single ring.
They’re mine.
‐ [growls]
You’re dead!
[music continues]
‐ [music ends]
‐ [metal clatters]
‐ Looks like I managed
to safely slip past
the Eighth’s siege.
There were 300 players total
when this event started.
When I think about it,
it’s almost as if
the entire objective
was to cull the herd.
To begin with, this is
the game’s first major event.
Despite using teleportation
to dispose of corpses
and controlling people’s minds
through cell phones,
it’s pretty obvious
that this event,
which occupies
an entire district,
would eventually come to light.
Originally, I figured
the D‐Game admin
was just trying to avoid
intervention
from the authorities,
but now I wonder.
Has their objective changed,
or has it become
less necessary to hide?
Anyway, I won’t find
any answers just standing here.
Right now, I have to focus
on the problem at hand.
I’ve managed to identify
all of the numbers
hidden on the rings.
Of course, the question now is,
what could they mean?
Even after ranking them
by point value,
the meaning of the numbers
still isn’t clear.
I thought maybe
they could be ranked
by the value
of the corresponding gem,
but determining
the value of the gems
by type and weight alone
is no simple matter.
Okay, then.
Is there some
objective standard I could use
in order to rank the gems?
Let’s see.
Hardness...
Yes, that’s it!
Arranging them by how hard
they are is the answer!
It was a helpful hint
that ruby and sapphire
both had the same number.
Both of them have
a Mohs hardness of nine,
and they’re the same mineral,
both crystalline forms
of aluminum oxide.
If I arrange the numbers
according to that scale,
then it suddenly becomes clear.
These are coordinates,
and the location
that they’re pointing us to
is the center of this event,
Shibuya Station.
If I’m not mistaken,
the real treasure
must be hidden
somewhere around here.
KANAME: Next time: "Eighth."